OCPBUGS-45272: KI for CNI plugin, 4.18 GA, from Telco team. (#88543)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

* Due to an issue with Kubernetes, the CPU Manager is unable to return CPU resources from the last pod admitted to a node to the pool of available CPU resources. These resources are allocatable if a subsequent pod is admitted to the node. However, this pod then becomes the last pod, and again, the CPU manager cannot return this pod's resources to the available pool.
+

> This issue affects CPU load balancing features, which depend on the CPU Manager releasing CPUs to the available pool. Consequently, non-guaranteed pods might run with a reduced number of CPUs. As a workaround, schedule a pod with a `best-effort` CPU Manager policy on the affected node. This pod will be the last admitted pod and this ensures the resources will be correctly released to the available pool. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46428[*OCPBUGS-46428*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue affects CPU load-balancing features, which depend on the CPU Manager releasing CPUs to the available pool. Consequently, non-guaranteed pods might run with a reduced number of CPUs. As a workaround, schedule a pod with a `best-effort` CPU Manager policy on the affected node. This pod is the last admitted pod and this order ensures that the resources are correctly released to the available pool. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46428[*OCPBUGS-46428*])
```
Nits; hyphenate compound modifier; present-tense only; addition of a "that" for readability

Author: Added the hyphen

> * When a pod uses the CNI plugin for DHCP address assignment in conjunction with other CNI plugins, the pod's network interface might be unexpectedly deleted. As a result, when the pod's DHCP lease expires, the DHCP proxy enters a loop when trying to re-create a new lease, leading to the node becoming unresponsive. There is currently no workaround. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45272[*OCPBUGS-45272*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When a pod uses the CNI plugin for DHCP address assignment in conjunction with other CNI plugins, the network interface of a pod might be unexpectedly deleted. As a result, when the DHCP lease of a pod expires, the DHCP proxy enters a loop when trying to re-create a new lease, leading to the node becoming unresponsive. There is currently no workaround. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45272[*OCPBUGS-45272*])
```

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-possessives

> Do not use possessive ’s with inanimate objects.

> * When a pod uses the CNI plugin for DHCP address assignment, in conjunction with other CNI plugins, the pod's network interface might be unexpectedly deleted. As a result, when the pod's DHCP lease expires, the DHCP proxy enters a loop when trying to re-create a new lease, leading to the node becoming unresponsive. There is currently no known workaround. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45272[*OCPBUGS-45272*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a pod uses the CNI plugin for DHCP address assignment in conjunction with other CNI plugins, the pod's network interface might be unexpectedly deleted. As a result, when the pod's DHCP lease expires, the DHCP proxy enters a loop when trying to re-create a new lease, leading to the node becoming unresponsive. There is currently no workaround. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45272[*OCPBUGS-45272*])
```
Since it seems like "in conjunction with" is the critical factor, only one comma is needed (if....then). 
Don't think you need "known" as that is inherent and is just an extra word.
